SMART CITIES
Problem Statement: 
Innovative Governance: A platform for Governments to bring better services, Transparency, Accountability, and Data-driven decisions.
The basic idea of our project is to bring forward a platform from where users can raise their issues directly to the authorities and get them resolved with absolute accountability and transparency from the Government's front. 
To assist the above mentioned task, we bring forth a website capable of being viewed on a PC as well as a mobile phone.
The detailed description of the website is as follows:
1) HOMEPAGE:
The first thing in the Homepage is the logo of the website which is the map of Patiala City,Punjab inside a light bulb.
Second thing present in the header is the name of the site which in this case has been named after the name of the Hackathon-"Smart Punjab".
The above mentioned things have been followed by the Login and Register buttons for the users followed by the logo of 150 years of Charkha used by Mahatma Gandhi.
The name of the website has been linked to the homepage of the website using href attribute in html.
The same applies for the logo.
Clicking on the Login and Register buttons open their respective forms on the same tab.
In the content part of the website the first part is a slideshow which shows different images of the beautiful city of Patiala.
The images have been shown using different links from Google Images. 
The slideshow has been supported by javascript in the file slideshow.js
Further the homepage consists of description and history of the City of Patiala which has been written down in html and source of the information is www.google.com
The entire styling of the homepage has been done in Cascading Styling Sheets(CSS) and is saved in the css folder with the file name home_page.css
The header and footer have been linked to home_page.css which are contained in the files header_style.css and css of footer is intext contained in the file footer_home_page.html
The lower part of the page consists of page consists of icons which directs to the social media pages of the admin: Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and Gmail.
The icons have been insterted using the icons from the website https://fontawesome.com/v4/icons/.
The javascript code of the icons have been inserted in the <head> tag of the html
2)Register Form page:
The first thing in the Register webpage is the logo of the website which is the map of Patiala City,Punjab inside a light bulb.
Second thing present in the header is the name of the site which in this case has been named after the name of the Hackathon-"Smart Punjab".
The above mentioned things have been followed by the Login and Register buttons for the users followed by the logo of 150 years of Charkha used by Mahatma Gandhi.
The name of the website has been linked to the homepage of the website using href attribute in html.
The same applies for the logo.
The header and footer have been linked to home_page.css which are contained in the files header_style.css and css of footer is intext contained in the file footer_home_page.html
The background of the <body> attribute consists of the image of the 